I have something I'm certain you will I
assume you're all familiar with the
concept of a bucket list is the list of
things you want to do before you kick
the bucket so there's a man from
Woodstock Illinois he's 91 his name is
Wally Thomas and here's this is Wally
talking to his granddaughter in law do
you know what number this is on your
bucket list I finished my first okay so
what do you think was on Wally's bucket
list the first and last item he he
wanted to go see the Grand Canyon or
jump out of a plane scuba diving go back
to college with no none of those things
what Wally wanted to do was this
while he wanted to back his cat his car
through a garage door is in my opinion
probably the greatest thing a 91 year
old person could do and joining us now
on our big Cisco screen on the wall of
America please say hello to Wally and
his grandchildren thank you for joining
us and congratulations on this
remarkable achievement you would make a
great uber driver Wally thank you
Wally how many grandchildren do you have
and seven grandchildren okay and did any
of them try to talk you out of this not
talking to me but how did you come up
with this idea to do this well it's over
a period of years getting in the car
opening the garage door with the opener
thank you boy wouldn't it be fun to back
all right so you sent us more video of
the event we're gonna look at this video
right now and okay roll that video now
here we have it there you are getting
your helmet on it strapped in you got
the seat belt on and bagging into the
garage and whose car was this by the way
and here we go it didn't seem to do it
you know that's going on the CARFAX
report Wally that's uh so who was in the
car with you Andrew Andrew how did you
get chosen to be and are you his least
favorite grandchild okay and and so is
this the craziest thing that your your
grandfather has ever done
Becky you can answer that question no
problem demolition derbies for many
years Becky how did you and Andrew find
out that your grandfather wanted to do
this on a Christmas Drive we were
looking at Christmas and grandpa
expressed the need to in a garage and
back out of it without the door and
whose car was this it's actually from a
local light up but he the owner and he
was a big my grandpa said he's always
known great guy he'd make one of em okay
and and while he is there anything else
on your bucket list I mean any other
weird things you're looking to do
well thank you guys for talking to us I
love that I have to say and it's a great
lesson you're never too old to do
something dumb remember that poem Thank
You Becky Wally and Andrew we appreciate
your time hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel are you
sad that the video is over we'll
subscribe to our YouTube channel and you
will never be sad again ever